Today i took her culture fit interview her name is Sruthi	.

age:- Her age is 19.

Qualification:- she completed completed Diploma In the branch of Electrical and electronics engineering in SkD engineering college at gooty .

Hobby:- Her  hobbies is reading english  .

Fun:- in fun time she play ludo.

Address:-17/1296-B ,Rajendhra nagar,Guntakal,Pin :515801,Anantapur dist,Andhra pradesh .

Become:-She want to become a software engineer.

Strength:-Her strength is her family.

weakness:- her weakness is also her family.

Family:-There are 4 members in her family including her, Father:-Purushotham( he is a auto driver and her income 200 per day). Mother :-Gowri (she is a housewife ).Siblings:- she have  1 siblings and he is study in ITI in engineering trade .

Family income:- Her family yearly income is 80,000.

Surviving:-her family is not facing any problem sometime her facing financal problem .

Mistake:- she said I can't do any mistake but I am wasting my time with spending time with friends..In college days.

dicision:-she  did't take any dicision in her life.

Community:-she said acoording to her a helpful communityis the best community .

Problem:- she did't facing any problem in the  community .

Interest:-she said I want to learn programing language.software coding.phyton. sprit language.. It is very useful for my future step's.. It is useful for get a good job In MNC company's this is best opertunity to.poor people and nav gurkul provides a student self study . And hostel fecility.. And provide laptop.

Expectations:- My expectations from navagurukul is very helpful to my carrier.

About Navgurukul:-she don't know about navgurukul then   i tell her  all the things about navgurukul like about kitchen turn, make food for our self and and about navgurukul culture means navgurukul is a like a family and about post means here is many post and we have to do any one post and about pay forward it is 1,50,000 and it is not compulsory to all if you want you can give and in navgurukul we don't have teacher means there is mentor Mantee system and room sufling . 

Selection :- She said  if I'm not selected then i will try again .

Experience:-When I was taking her interview i didn't face any problem and so according to me she is pass  . 

Campus:- She wants to join pune campus if she is selected.

Pass/Fail:- She is pass.

Email :-Sruthibaby212@gmail.com

